rate(backlinkbot_page_processing_duration_second_sum[1m]) and 
rate(backlinkbot_next_duration_second_sum[1m]) and 
rate(backlinkbot_robot_duration_second_sum[1m]) and 
rate(backlinkbot_head_duration_second_sum[1m]) and 
rate(backlinkbot_is_crawlable_1_duration_second_sum[1m]) and 
rate(backlinkbot_get_duration_second_sum[1m]) and 
rate(backlinkbot_is_crawlable_2_duration_second_sum[1m]) and 
rate(backlinkbot_extract_links_duration_second_sum[1m]) and 
rate(backlinkbot_add_duration_second_sum[1m])


backlinkbot_next_duration_second_sum and 
backlinkbot_robot_duration_second_sum and 
backlinkbot_head_duration_second_sum and 
backlinkbot_is_crawlable_1_duration_second_sum and 
backlinkbot_get_duration_second_sum and 
backlinkbot_is_crawlable_2_duration_second_sum and 
backlinkbot_extract_links_duration_second_sum and 
backlinkbot_add_duration_second_sum


backlinkbot_next_duration_second_sum or 
backlinkbot_robot_duration_second_sum or 
backlinkbot_head_duration_second_sum or 
backlinkbot_is_crawlable_1_duration_second_sum or 
backlinkbot_get_duration_second_sum or 
backlinkbot_is_crawlable_2_duration_second_sum or 
backlinkbot_extract_links_duration_second_sum or 
backlinkbot_add_duration_second_sum
